In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Bobby recieved a 100 which was one of the top three homework grades in the class this semester. His organization and time-management skills are above and beyond. He participated in class consistently and always offered good ideas to the class. It was clear that he was engaged with the class and he always made sure to keep his ideas relevant to the discussion. His participation grade for this semester is 96. Bobby was more comfortable in smaller groups. I would encourage him to try to participate more in full class discussions. Bobby's work on his quizzes this semester was above and beyond. He demonstrated his understanding and mastery of the concepts as well as their excellent study skills and attention to detail, earning an extremely well-deserved 96. Bobby's best test score was a 95 on the Final exam. His committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Bobby demonstrated his mastery of the material on their tests, earning a 94% for their overall test grade. His diligent preparation was apparent and exceeded expectations.

Bobby is always precise in the classroom. Bobby displayed his ability to be mediator whenever he worked on a group project. In addition, he always made sure to be emotional. Overall, Bobby was an amazing student earning an A. He displayed his knowledge of the course content at every turn. Thanks for your work in this class. Hopefully this class has prepared you for whatever courses you decide to take next year and hope to see you in one of my classes again!