In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Briony recieved a 100 which was one of the top three homework grades in the class this semester. His organization and time-management skills are above and beyond. He participated in class consistently and always offered good ideas to the class. It was clear that he was engaged with the class and he always made sure to keep his ideas relevant to the discussion. His participation grade for this semester is 98. Briony was more comfortable in larger groups. I would encourage him to try to participate more in small groups. Briony's work on his quizzes this semester was above and beyond. He demonstrated his understanding and mastery of the concepts as well as their excellent study skills and attention to detail, earning an extremely well-deserved 94. Briony's best test score was a 94 on the Final exam. His committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Briony demonstrated his mastery of the material on their tests, earning a 93.5% for their overall test grade. His diligent preparation was apparent and exceeded expectations.

Briony is always cheerful in the classroom. Briony displayed his ability to be forgiving whenever he worked on a group project. In addition, he always made sure to be responsive. Overall, Briony was an amazing student earning an A. He displayed his knowledge of the course content at every turn. I wish you the best in college Briony! OES will miss you deeply. Hopefully this and other classes have been able to prepare you, but for now make sure to come back and visit a few times!