In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Kacper is not turning in homework consistently. We need to come up with a plan to allocate time because homework is a crucial part of this class. His grade is 78. He participated in class consistently and always offered good ideas to the class. It was clear that he was engaged with the class and he always made sure to keep his ideas relevant to the discussion. His participation grade for this semester is 94. Kacper was comfortable in both small and large groups which greatly contributed to class dialogue. Keep up the great work!  Kacper's best test score was a 75 on the Final exam. His committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Kacper's 70% overall test grade demonstrated their knowledge on many of the concepts that we covered. There were some problems that tripped him up and I encourange Kacper to email me or come to my office if he has any questions.Kacper has shown clear improvement over the course of the year and I am proud of his hard work to grow in a difficult field.

Kacper is always diplomatic in the classroom. Kacper displayed his ability to be knowledgeable whenever he worked on a group project. In addition, he always made sure to be leader. Overall, Kacper was a good student earning a C+. He displayed his knowledge of the basic course concepts at many points during the year Thanks for your work in this class. Hopefully this class has prepared you for whatever courses you decide to take next year and hope to see you in one of my classes again!