In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Lianne could improve on completing the homework every night. The work that she turn in was very insightful, and she should work towards doing more great work! 90. Her participation was excellent this semester. She brought fresh new perspectives to the class and fostered respectful and interesting discussions. I am very pleased with how engaged she is. Her participation grade for this semester is 100. Lianne was more comfortable in smaller groups. I would encourage her to try to participate more in full class discussions. Lianne's work on her quizzes this semester was above and beyond. She demonstrated her understanding and mastery of the concepts as well as their excellent study skills and attention to detail, earning an extremely well-deserved 98. Lianne's best test score was a 95 on the Final exam. Her committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Lianne demonstrated her mastery of the material on their tests, earning a 93.5% for their overall test grade. Her diligent preparation was apparent and exceeded expectations.

Lianne is always original in the classroom. Lianne displayed her ability to be logical whenever she worked on a group project. In addition, she always made sure to be initiator. Overall, Lianne was an amazing student earning an A. She displayed her knowledge of the course content at every turn. I wish you the best in college Lianne! OES will miss you deeply. Hopefully this and other classes have been able to prepare you, but for now make sure to come back and visit a few times!