In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Louie did outstanding work and made sure to complete the all the homework. A few late assignments but he made sure to finish them later. His/ her homewrok grade was 99. His participation in class was good but I would like to hear a little bit more of his contributions and I want to make sure that he is offering more relevant ideas. His participation grade for this semester is 82. Louie was comfortable in both small and large groups which greatly contributed to class dialogue. Keep up the great work!  Louie's best test score was a 85 on the Final exam. His committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Louie's 77% overall test grade demonstrated their knowledge on many of the concepts that we covered. There were some problems that tripped him up and I encourange Louie to email me or come to my office if he has any questions.Louie has shown clear improvement over the course of the year and I am proud of his hard work to grow in a difficult field.

Louie is always active in the classroom. Louie displayed his ability to be positive whenever he worked on a group project. In addition, he always made sure to be consistent. Overall, Louie was a good student earning a C+. He displayed his knowledge of the basic course concepts at many points during the year I wish you the best in college Louie! OES will miss you deeply. Hopefully this and other classes have been able to prepare you, but for now make sure to come back and visit a few times!