In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Maia could improve on completing the homework every night. The work that she turn in was very insightful, and she should work towards doing more great work! 90. She participated in class consistently and always offered good ideas to the class. It was clear that she was engaged with the class and she always made sure to keep her ideas relevant to the discussion. Her participation grade for this semester is 98. Maia was more comfortable in larger groups. I would encourage her to try to participate more in small groups.  Maia's best test score was a 78 on the Final exam. Her committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Maia's 74.5% overall test grade demonstrated their knowledge on many of the concepts that we covered. There were some problems that tripped her up and I encourange Maia to email me or come to my office if she has any questions.Maia has shown clear improvement over the course of the year and I am proud of her hard work to grow in a difficult field.

Maia is always consistent in the classroom. Maia displayed her ability to be active whenever she worked on a group project. In addition, she always made sure to be positive. Overall, Maia was a good student earning a C+. She displayed her knowledge of the basic course concepts at many points during the year Thanks for your work in this class. Hopefully this class has prepared you for whatever courses you decide to take next year and hope to see you in one of my classes again!