In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Melissa did outstanding work and made sure to complete the all the homework. A few late assignments but she made sure to finish them later. His/ her homewrok grade was 97. She participated in class consistently and always offered good ideas to the class. It was clear that she was engaged with the class and she always made sure to keep her ideas relevant to the discussion. Her participation grade for this semester is 93. Melissa was comfortable in both small and large groups which greatly contributed to class dialogue. Keep up the great work!  Melissa's best test score was a 99 on the Final exam. Her committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Melissa demonstrated their understanding of the material on their tests, earning a 82% for their overall test grade. Though there were errors on some problems, her knowledge of the concepts as a whole met expectations.Melissa has shown clear improvement over the course of the year and I am proud of her hard work to grow in a difficult field.

Melissa is always knowledgeable in the classroom. Melissa displayed her ability to be leader whenever she worked on a group project. In addition, she always made sure to be diplomatic. Overall, Melissa was a good student earning a B-. She displayed her knowledge of the basic course concepts throughout the year. Thanks for your work in this class. Hopefully this class has prepared you for whatever courses you decide to take next year and hope to see you in one of my classes again!