In this course, we learned the fundamental skills and content needed to analyze the behavior of objects in motion. The primary language of this field of study is mathematics, so we practiced communication with quantitative information, including statistics, rates of change, and visual representation through graphs. However, physics is more than just a math class -- it is important to realize that the way we use math in this field is shaped by its application to observation, experimentation, and the scientific method.

Rosa could improve on completing the homework every night. The work that she turn in was very insightful, and she should work towards doing more great work! 89. Her participation in class was good but I would like to hear a little bit more of her contributions and I want to make sure that she is offering more relevant ideas. Her participation grade for this semester is 87. Rosa was more comfortable in smaller groups. I would encourage her to try to participate more in full class discussions. Rosa's work on her quizzes this semester was above and beyond. She demonstrated her understanding and mastery of the concepts as well as their excellent study skills and attention to detail, earning an extremely well-deserved 93. Rosa's best test score was a 97 on the Final exam. Her committment to studying was even more evident than normal and it paid off. Rosa demonstrated their strong understanding of the material on their tests, earning a 91% for their overall test grade. Though there were often small errors here and there, her preparation was clear.Rosa has shown clear improvement over the course of the year and I am proud of her hard work to grow in a difficult field.

Rosa is always thoughtful in the classroom. Rosa displayed her ability to be inventive whenever she worked on a group project. In addition, she always made sure to be exciting. Overall, Rosa was a terrific student earning an A- . She displayed her knowledge of the course content throughout the year. I wish you the best in college Rosa! OES will miss you deeply. Hopefully this and other classes have been able to prepare you, but for now make sure to come back and visit a few times!